README.md, before:

thebot-draftin
==============

A glue between your Pelican/Jekill powered blog and [Draftin.com][draft] writing service.

Installation
------------

Run `pip install thebot-draftin`, then run TheBot with additional
plugin `draftin` and parameters where you content is stored and how to regenerate a
static content:

    thebot --plugins draftin,and-others --adapters http,and-others \
           --http-host 0.0.0.0 --http-port 9991 \
           --draftin-secret xxx \
           --documents-dir='site/content' \
           --update-command='bash -c "cd site && make html"'

After that, go to [Draft's Places To Publish][publish] and add url `http://machine.where.thebot.is.runing:9991/draftin?secret=xxx`
as a WebHook.

That is it. Now, when you'll do a 'Publish' at the Draft, it will send a document to TheBot. TheBot will save this document
to `site/content` directory using slugified document's name plus `.md` extension. And finally, it will call `make html` command
to regenerate html content of the blog.

How to make this plugin more amazing?
-------------------------------------

* support notification, and allow TheBot to notify you on successful publishing;
* track document ids and let user rename a document after publishing (TheBot have to
  delete old Markdown file and to create a new one. Right now, such renaming will
  create two published documents.)
* allow to delete published document using some metadata in the document, like `delete: true`.

Authors
-------

* Alexander Artemenko &lt;svetlyak.40wt@gmail.com>

[draft]: http://draftin.com
[publish]: https://draftin.com/publishers

Commit message:

Now plugin is able to send notification with command's output.

README.md, after:

thebot-webhooks
===============

A way to run shell scripts in respond to a webhook call.
This way you could trigger an automatic deployment on push
to GitHub. Or run unittests, or something else.

Installation
------------

Run `pip install thebot-webhooks`, then run TheBot with additional
plugin `webhooks` and parameters where you content is stored and how to regenerate a
static content:

    thebot --plugins webhooks --adapters http \
           --http-host 0.0.0.0 --http-port 9991 \
           --webhooks-config hooks.conf

Then place something like that into the `hooks.conf`:

    github_4567GH67 = dict(
        command='sudo salt "*" state.highstate',
    )

Here `github_4567GH67` is a webhook's handle. It will be accessable at `http://0.0.0.0:9991/webhook/github_4567GH67`.
And `command` could be any shell command to be run when a HTTP request will hit the handle.
In this example, we are starting deployment using [SaltStack](http://www.saltstack.com/).

By default, only POST method is allowed. If you need a GET for some wierd reason, then add this such key into
the dict: `allowed_methods=['GET', 'POST']`.

Authors
-------

* Alexander Artemenko &lt;svetlyak.40wt@gmail.com>
